Test the language switcher module

1. Create a mod_languages module and publish it
2. View the public site

Test detectbrowser

1. Change the language of one article of the frontpage to be "xx (Test)"
2. View the public site (article has disappeared)

Test cookie

1. Change the language of one article of the frontpage to be "English (UK)"
2. View the public site and switch to the "xx (Test)" language (article has disappeared)

Test inheritance by the category for articles

1. Change the language of the category "Joomla" to be "English (UK)"
2. View the public site switching between two languages. In the "xx (Test)" language, there is only the article tagged "xx (Test)"

Test 'home' page different for a specific language

1. Edit an item menu which is not the default home page
2. Set its language to be "xx (Test)" and set it to be "a" default home page
3. Save and Close. You now have two home page. One which is not tagged by a language and one which is tagged by the "xx (Test)" language
4. View the public site switching between two languages. Joomla will go to two different home pages

Test language preference for a user

1. Create a user and set its preferred language to be "xx (Test)"
2. View the public site and select the "English (UK)" language
3. Connect on the public site with the new user. It will change the language in the switcher
4. Change the language in the switcher. It will change the user preference (verify in the admin)

Test language for categories

1. Change the language of some categories to be "xx (Test)" or "English (UK)"
2. Go to the menu "Parks in category". Verify that only categories of the selected language or those without language are shown

Test language for modules

1. Change the language of one module
2. View the public site and switch form one language to another. Menu whose language was changed is only visible for the selected language

Test language for contact details

1. Change the language of one contact
2. View the index.php/contact-us.html and switch form one language to another. Tagged contact are only shown on their language.

Test inheritance by the category for contact details

1. Change the language of the category "Fruit" to be "xx (Test)"
2. View the index.php/contact-us.html switching between two languages. Contact in the Fruit category are only shown on the "xx (Test)" language

Test language for menu items

1. Change the language of one menu item
2. View the public site and switch between two languages. The menu item is only shown on its selected language

Test language for banners

1. Publish the module "Banner"
2. Publish the OSM-1 banner
2. View the public site and switch between two languages. The banner should only be shown on the "English (UK)" language.

Test language for weblinks

1. Set the language of a weblink to be "xx (Test)"
2. View its category in the public site using "English (UK)". It is not shown.

Test language for newsfeeds

1. Set the language of a newsfeed to be "xx (Test)"
2. View its category in the public site using "English (UK)". It is not shown.

Test existence of the home page for the default language

1. Edit the default home menu
2. Change the home page to no or the language to be different of Default.
3. Save. This must produce an error

Test the unicity of the home page for a language

1. Edit a a menu item which is not a default menu item
2. Change to be be a default home page for a particular language which has already a default home page
3. Save and Close. Verify that the previous home page for this language has changed

TODO
-Apply language selection to all modules...
-Add Language Filters in Admin
-Set the router






